Hi Mom,
I was bored, but now I am boring someone else. Either way, in the following paragraphs, I will introduce you to a story of: The Do Nothing Club. It will follow around the concept of do-nothing. The concept leaves no room for discussion on interpretation, but the process in which it manifests itself is often unquestioned. Currently, when mentioned to show a better alternative, it is met with ridicule or sometimes elicits verbal/physical/digital hurtful behaviour. 
Now, dear reader, I am glad you are here. I send you all the love and strength you need, and I am proud of how far you have pushed to come here. That is admirable. Personally, I had my first panic attack last week due to people not believing in me. In the end, the one’s that tell you their concerns. Are the ones that push you towards the right direction. Only to realise, that the only one you needed to convince was yourself. This is for the believer, who sometimes is bored.
Foundation: The Do Nothing Club, was founded to help progress society to its next advancement. A direct quote of an internet source (DYOR) from the time of founding, to me, showcases a story of belief and motivation towards a narrative and a dream. 
The Congress had voted in favour of independence from Great Britain on July 2 but did not actually complete the process of revising the Declaration of Independence, originally drafted by Thomas Jefferson in consultation with fellow committee members John Adams, Benjamin Franklin, Roger Sherman, and William Livingston, until two days later. The celebration was initially modeled on that of the king’s birthday, which had been marked annually by bell ringing, bonfires, solemn processions, and oratory. Such festivals had long played a significant role in the Anglo-American political tradition.
Especially in the 17th and 18th centuries, when dynastic and religious controversies racked the British Empire (and much of the rest of Europe), the choice of which anniversaries of historic events were celebrated and which were lamented had clear political meanings. The ritual of toasting the king and other patriot-heroes—or of criticizing them—became an informal kind of political speech, further formalized in mid-18th century when the toasts given at taverns and banquets began to be reprinted in newspapers.
For me right know, the shear contrast of the situation of the founding, with the scenario context right now is marvelling. This dream was build on mutual trust, with a power dynamic in which everyone was valued and a sense of self-worth. In my field of expertise (i have to many interests) I would call this the perfect mix of conditions for a group and culture to thrive and excel in mutual consideration. There is trust, hope, optimism, a clear story to follow with a solution based approach. 
Ofcourse, the all mighty founding fathers had heated arguments over things that they personally valued. But the informality (basically it was a more commen practice to just say: I respectfully disagree, but I am curious to know ur reasoning). This approach aims to achieve the best possible outcomes for both parties, especially if they feel that the consequence of the outcome is shared. 
The non-believers and close minded can believe that the status-quo has not changed for a long time, and that changing anything is a threat towards the holy sentences installed on a paper (it is quite remarkable how fast we went from writing on paper to delivering a diarrhea storm of sense to the public). But if we look back at history, and look at the people that inspired us for generations to come. It was not the ones ridiculing you. Saying ‘HoW aRE THEY GoinG To KeEp PeacE’. Suggesting and focussing on the impossibilities of the situation. Contrary to popular belief, it think that Thomas ‘fucking’ Jefferson would kill himself in this room discussing matters with his dreams and ideals towards an equal and fair world.
The inspiring dream that once was a beauty, turned into an invasive tumor trying to desperatly hold on to this new and. Without being able to ask questions and consider both sides, we create an environment in which we actively promote, reward and maintain, for an individuals with a individualistic and a narrow power centered society. The possible solution can be found if you follow alongside the swell.
The future is bright, we just have to shift believe the believe on consensus finding. The logical lesson in the end was, I should have asked questions with respect. That we differ from eachother, and that that is okay. It is what makes us unique and creates individual perspectives. Instead of looking at the world from categories, look from with-in ur person and see ur own contribution.
If you feel judgement against someone questioning in something you deeply believe to be true, u might rule out the only spot were u find the answers to the questions you we are looking for in the end. In contrast to the the story of the hero and the villain, they often have a lot in common. The time-frame and shared understanding of the problem determines, the potential shift in consenus. But denying that you would not possibly act the same, is neglecting how fast human will adapt to roles.
In hindsight it was innevitable. We all value respect, honesty, fairness, transperency and consideration. We hate being put in spots of shame, silence, unworthiness, ridicule or guilt.
I was bored, but now I feel the need to do something which relates to this question: Does the judgement and consequence of the indivual motive operanda be judged differently, in line with the potential harm/help it brings to the future. What if it was for someone that has always been there for you, in a system in which you try hard to do the best you can. But the decisions are made by people that are obsessed by their own views. 
In a matter of fact Biden helped us create a bigger shit show by influencing the (percieved fair and trusted) outcomes of others, which eventually lead to a whole global market. And if you look at the fundamentals in hindsight Fartcoin had better conditions. If Biden had the right people they would atleast try to do it secretly, by transferring it with monero or smth to a cold wallet. Like everything is open source now. Stay humble, and lets show the next generation how its done.
I will forever love all of you
